Fix :reference to kong yaml file (#2400)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/components/entity_example/format/deck.md

{% when ca_certificate %}
  The following creates a new CA Certificate:
{% when 'plugin' %}

>   Add this section to your [`kong.yaml`](/deck/#how-does-deck-work) configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Add this section to your [`kong.yaml`](/deck/get-started/) configuration file:
```
Thought this link might be more relevant since it explains how the kong.yaml file works/is created.
